bpo-33110: Catches errors raised when running add_done_callback on already completed futures. (#13141)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2019-05-06-22-34-47.bpo-33110.rSJSCh.rst

> Adds error handling to concurrent.futures add_done_callback, so that callbacks triggered on futures added to already completed futures are handled in the same manner as callbacks attached to running futures are, when the future subsequently finishes.

Reviewer: That's a complicated sentence ;-) Maybe
```suggestion
Handle exceptions raised by functions added by concurrent.futures add_done_callback correctly when the Future has already completed.
```

Author: Thats much more succinct, will update it.
